Arie comments (#343)
Certora/Documentation: docs/solana/options.md

**What does it do?**

Specifies the location of the script that has to be called to compile the Rust project.
The build script should output 0 on success and 1 on failure unless its being executed using the ``--json`` flag.

> In this case, the build script should output the following:

Author: This is printed directly to the stdout, in any case this is a semi-internal feature.

- ``project_directory``: Path to the project root directory.
- ``sources``: List of source files or directories used or imported in the program. Source files should be relative to the ``project_directory`` with support of wildcards. All files declared in this list will be uploaded as sources to cloud and displayed in the rule report. Source files are required, for instance, for the jump to source feature to work.
- ``executables``: List of compiled binary files, which are the target of the Rust program.
- ``success``: Boolean flag indicating if the build phase passed successfully.
- ``return_code``: The return code of the script.
- ``log``: Optionally provide paths to files for stdout and stderr of the build.
- ``solana_inlining``: List of paths to [inlining](#--solana_inlining) files for Solana contracts.

> - ``solana_summaries``: List of paths to [summaries](#--solana_summaries) files for Solana contracts.

Author: The feature will land soon.

**When to use it?**

This option is currently required for every project.

> It can be provided to the prover by passing this files as flag or by retrieving it from the build_script.

Author: Changed to list, as this is the input

**Example**

```bash
certoraSolanaProver --build_script <path_to_build_script> --solana_inlining <path_to_inlining_file>  --rule rule_some_rule
```

> (--solana_summaries)=

Reviewer: See previous comment

**When to use it?**

This option is currently required for every project.

> It can be provided to the prover by passing this files as flag or by retrieving it from the build_script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be provided to the Prover by passing this file as a flag or by retrieving it from the build script.
```

**Example**

```bash

> certoraSolanaProver --build_script <path_to_build_script> --solana_summaries <path_to_summaries_file> --rule rule_some_rule

Reviewer: rule name

**Example**

```bash

> certoraSolanaProver --build_script <path_to_build_script> --cargo_features <feature_1> <feature_2> --rule rule_some_rule

Reviewer: rule name

**Example**

```bash

> certoraSolanaProver --build_script <path_to_build_script> --msg 'Removed an assertion' --rule rule_some_rule

Reviewer: rule name
